TESTPLAN.MD, before:

# Test plan

## init command

### JSON spmfile

- One target I-JSPM-T1 
	- [x] 0, 1, 2 dependencies resolved from global dependencies file
		- [x] dependencies stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-DEP-LD0/1/2
		- [x] dependencies not stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-DEP-G0/1/2
	- [x] 1, 2 remote dependencies from xproj file
		- [x] dependencies stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-XPROJ-L1/2
		- [x] dependencies not stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-XPROJ-G1/2
	- [ ] 1, 2 local dependencies from xproj file
		- [x] dependencies stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-XPROJ_DL-L1/2
		- [ ] dependencies not stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-XPROJ-DL-G1/2
	- [ ] mix of local and remote dependencies from xproj file
		- [ ] dependencies stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-XPROJ_MD-L2
		- [ ] dependencies not stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-XPROJ-MD-G2

- Multi target
	- [ ] same as one target

### CSV spmfile

- One target
	- [x] 0, 1, 2 dependencies resolved from global dependencies file
		- [x] dependencies stored in spmfile
		- [ ] dependencies not stored in spmfile

- Multi target
	- [ ] same as one target
	- [ ] targets have different dependencies

- Regular and Test target
	- [ ] same as one target
	- [ ] targets have different dependencies

Commit message:

install command - Two dependencies test
- csv spmfile

TESTPLAN.MD, after:

# Test plan

## init command

### JSON spmfile

- One target I-JSPM-T1 
	- [x] 0, 1, 2 dependencies resolved from global dependencies file
		- [x] dependencies stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-DEP-LD0/1/2
		- [x] dependencies not stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-DEP-G0/1/2
	- [x] 1, 2 remote dependencies from xproj file
		- [x] dependencies stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-XPROJ-L1/2
		- [x] dependencies not stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-XPROJ-G1/2
	- [ ] 1, 2 local dependencies from xproj file
		- [x] dependencies stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-XPROJ_DL-L1/2
		- [ ] dependencies not stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-XPROJ-DL-G1/2
	- [ ] mix of local and remote dependencies from xproj file
		- [ ] dependencies stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-XPROJ_MD-L2
		- [ ] dependencies not stored in spmfile I-JSPM-T1-XPROJ-MD-G2

- Multi target
	- [ ] same as one target

### CSV spmfile

- One target
	- [x] 0, 1, 2 dependencies resolved from global dependencies file

- Multi target
	- [ ] same as one target
	- [ ] targets have different dependencies

- Regular and Test target
	- [ ] same as one target
	- [ ] targets have different dependencies

## install command

### JSON spmfile

- One target INST-JSPM-T1 
    - [ ] 1, 2 dependencies resolved from global dependencies file
        - [ ] dependencies stored in spmfile INST-JSPM-T1-LD0/1/2
        - [ ] dependencies not stored in spmfile INST-JSPM-T1-G0/1/2

### CSV spmfile

- One target INST-CSPM-T1 
    - [x] 1, 2 dependencies resolved from global dependencies file INST-CSPM-T1-D1/2
